All right, so I began attempting to learn fullstack development around a week ago, and I've found myself a little unsatisfied. I've been trying to create a simple fucking header menu as a starter project with hmtl and css, but it's taking forever and I don't know what stuff I need to be learning since I've just been reading documentation to try and self-teach myself. As such, I have decided to embark on the journey laid out by the odin project, in hopes of more efficiently learning skills that will be useful in my journey. I've got a long way to go-professional developers are lightyears ahead of me. But I'm planning on catching up as quickly as possible, and in that process, I myself will have achieved far beyond the things that those I fall so far behind at the moment could ever dream of. It is 05/11/2024 at around 5:30PM-let's see how long it takes me to complete the odin project.

Oh yeah, I guess the *actual* point of this is to describe what this project actually is, and what I will have proved by the end of it. The goal of this project is to create a website featuring an index page from which you can access multiple pages featuring delicious recipes. I'm definitely a little bit ahead as this is intended to be done in HTML when I already have decent knowledge of css, but doing things from the beginning is a great way to review and reinforce the foundations, which are all I actually need to technically build a website anyways. It will also be a good chance to better familiarize myself with the workings of vanilla html, as I'm used to using a shit ton of css because it just makes stuff so much better and easier.

In order to actually gain anything from doing any of these projects, I need to attempt to challenge myself in some way. So while all I really have to do here it present some recipes, I'll attempt to at least spice it up a little bit by using the full extent of my html abilties at this point, as well as possibly inserting features i'm not at all familiar with.

OK, that was a long enough spiel. Onto my first project as a web developer.